OSDOCS-11367-main:fixes live migration support (#79026)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ovn-kubernetes-live-migration-about.adoc

[id="nw-ovn-kubernetes-live-migration-about_{context}"]
= Limited live migration to the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin overview

The limited live migration method is the process in which the OpenShift SDN network plugin and its network configurations, connections, and associated resources, are migrated to the OVN-Kubernetes network plugin without service interruption. It is available for {product-title}.
// Azure Red Hat OpenShift deployment types will needed added in .z stream.

> It is not available for HyperShift deployment types. This migration method is valuable for deployment types that require constant service availability and offers the following benefits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not available for hosted control plane deployment types. This migration method is valuable for deployment types that require constant service availability and offers the following benefits:
```

> It is not available for hosted control plane deployment types. This migration method is valuable for deployment types that require constant service availability and offers the following benefits:

Reviewer 2: In 4.16, there is no AliCloud IPI cluster for QE to test, please remove IPI
